Fix plugin docker mount documentation (#3124)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/docker/mounting-volumes.adoc

See xref:monitoring/metrics/index.adoc[Metrics].
|===

Keep in mind that mounted directories are connected to Neo4j by matching internal paths.

> For specific directories like `plugins`, you can explicitly override or bind the location by defining the `server.directories.plugins` setting to `/plugins`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you build custom plugins directly into the image or want to bypass the Docker entrypoint automation in custom environments, you can explicitly override or bind the location by defining the `server.directories.plugins` setting.
```

Author: @jennyowen , does it make sense to add such a sentence?

Reviewer: yeah it makes sense, although I'd remove the "to `/var/lib/neo4j/plugins`" at the end.
